Fixed link to TechTube (#5086)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/foundations/responsiveness/index.mdx

**Fluid grid**: As you shrink the window size, the layout adjusts dynamically, with text wrapping and elements narrowing. Components have a percentage width to adjust to the user’s screen resolution. Fluid grid is best suited for dashboard design.

> Learn how to adjust your Salt grid in [this video tutorial](https://techtube.prod.aws.jpmchase.net/#/videos/f0d596c5-b380-4150-995d-a5695c2285b6) created by our design team. (Internal users only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to adjust your Salt grid in [this video tutorial](https://go/salt-ds-internal/news/videos/20250109-saltds-figma-layout-grids) created by our design team. (Internal users only)
```
